Update project metadata to use SPDX license expression (#881)
pypa/packaging: CHANGELOG.rst

*unreleased*
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Changed project metadata to use SPDX license expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change project license metadata to use an SPDX license expression.
```
